hello friends and welcome to
another motto map presentation
ringen the city on the weser with a
beautiful description here in the game
and of course three beautiful ones
pictures and movies stay here in the long
home screen we'll take a look now
just the maps and become
again on the top right the frames
show in Warsaw
despite video recording year 50 frames 30
frames constant but so far under and there
Now up again from the one before you
it would not say bad
but we look at them now
Lot number indicates the woman's display and
we walk a bit and around
namely new in the version 1.3 is to
example that the main farm complete
Rebuilt biogas plant rebuilt
Trader has another one
Buildings get a few here and there
more trees new slides and textures
Nissan growth period has been prevented
standard fruits but 25 minutes
grass lucerne and barking 240 minutes
lime and measures murder under violent
ban founder mall is installed web
cover station to cook group apg and
Pigs portnoy pig mast version
is installed and there are other things
adds what is really for fischers deal
certainly not all before
There is a version with procedures out there
a version without tracking the chance
with state vehicles
we have a higher rate
mass must have songs home hüllemann german
even very bad German
talk then we grim roadster
bmw friends that is definitely not
too much but I have to say ever
Nice selection so not bad
Well thought out why
account guarantee almost that is really
placed that ever was placed
the trailer and the devices
the German swim in these times
beautiful room explorer becomes pure
but before me of course only the
website so far because until this
completely recreated landscape so
that is not something together
but is cut so that is
completely rebuilt and we have one
Nice description and landed hard
vegan shop read wonderful
that 's great but we have a look
to make this
we have to buy fields 12 37
13 19 20 fourth as former star price
to buy
Maybe it's up to you
growth
that might be something where they are in one
version 1.4 would wish me too
improve the web top diesel
better but that is now criticism
highest level
we just ride it i believe this
White numbers are not 100 percent
for sure
I believe they are paying white
looks like this so then reported and large
we have to see where it comes from
and those black numbers are
of course the fields what you need
his boards for the web eg laptop
playstation that is think one fertilizer
motto I think it's over there right
for our possibilities there are
remind
imprisoned again in the community again
down pleased
I'm stupid now probably because
otherwise it would find out below
Fire
Of course it's top again
But nothing prepares me for that
Kolles stood on it
I want to do, I am well
thought to present horny music
so it's hidden from the are
of course, the spring leather spring
problem no problem
we find out and we watch
We are looking forward to seeing you very much
because you move from top so for
the webos city ​​is fuller
texture forth trees from here on grass
from the yard it is really very
very good so strangers are approximate
anyway you record
i'm definitely good at it
playable so there are sure
granted nothing to fault
moats okay then a bit
watch the cases edit defenders
at a trick too big knows that
OK
In any case, very nice set more
but the values ​​go by
Wow
there is the other side of the shop ok
quickly again
rinteln is always good for the web
test of complaints evidently hardly relaxes
because angle chill the fruit varieties
planted the sis again the
have been thinking all the way back
first where is it here
So he was right somehow once
devices want to test absolutely the rinteln
maf
The times would be now in place folder
let rattle maf because of the
Buyers of potatoes and turnips learned
and at least test the devices
So let's keep looking
this is really a team from
the texture comes from the division
very bad really not
bad we have for friends of
realistic playability hammer
collision fairport that's okay that
fits i think i mentioned lost
there is the mission there is one
mission with lost there is one
version without fair goals
that depends on how we feel that
watch honorable division downloads and us
Just look at the pga company eon
and see for yourself that the tanks
the German Supreme Court saw this was dirt load
broken over the street that you can not
drive or or that clear promoted
perceive that they are quickly abbreviated
make eric and we have there and that is
really
very very cool we have this silage
mountains covered with the foil
barely
So that's really cool times
Friends worry about water rinteln the city
at the weser as points necessarily
Download and victor was proven
On motors has quite a great joy
the away says thanks for watching has
I was very happy and hopefully until
back soon